Long running migration docs (#29846)
demisto/content: Packs/TAXIIServer/Integrations/TAXIIServer/TAXIIServer_description.md

## How to Access the TAXII Service

(For Cortex XSOAR 6.x) Use one of the following options:

- **https://*demisto_address*/instance/execute/*instance_name/taxii-discovery-service**
- **http://*demisto_address*:*listen_port/taxii-discovery-service**

> (For Cortex XSOAR 8) Use one of the following options:
> https://ext-<XSOAR-tenant>.crtx.<region>.paloaltonetworks.com/xsoar/instance/execute/<instance-name>
> http://xsoar_address:listen_port/{taxii2_api_endpoint}/
> 
> (For Cortex XSIAM) Use one of the following options:
> https://ext-/.crtx..paloaltonetworks.com/xsiam/instance/execute/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(For Cortex XSOAR 8 or Cortex XSIAM) `https://ext-<tenant>.crtx.<region>.paloaltonetworks.com/xsoar/instance/execute/<instance-name>`
  When running on an engine: http://xsoar_address:listen_port/{taxii2_api_endpoint}/
```

> http://xsiam_address:listen_port/{taxii2_api_endpoint}/

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

## Access the TAXII Service by Instance Name
To access the TAXII service by instance name, make sure ***Instance execute external*** is enabled. 

1. In Cortex XSOAR, go to **Settings > About > Troubleshooting**.
2. (For Cortex XSOAR 6.x) In the **Server Configuration** section, verify that the ***instance.execute.external*** key is set to *true*. If this key does not exist, click **+ Add Server Configuration** and add the *instance.execute.external* and set the value to *true*.
3. You can now trigger the webhook URL:

   - For Cortex XSOAR 6.x: **<CORTEX-XSOAR-URL>/instance/execute/<INTEGRATION-INSTANCE-NAME>**. For example, https://my.demisto.live/instance/execute/taxiiserver. Note that the string instance does not refer to the name of your XSOAR instance, but rather is part of the URL.

> For Cortex XSOAR 8: https://ext-/.crtx..paloaltonetworks.com/xsoar/instance/execute/
> For Cortex XSIAM: https://ext-/.crtx..paloaltonetworks.com/xsiam/instance/execute/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(For Cortex XSOAR 8 or Cortex XSIAM) `https://ext-<tenant>.crtx.<region>.paloaltonetworks.com/xsoar/instance/execute/<instance-name>`
```
